what's up guys it's well from technique
TV bringing to you another case review
for the iPhone 4 and down a lot of
requests for this got my hands on one
it is the K's 0-5 ultra-thin case for
the iPhone 4 as you can see it was
shipped overseas so this is a 0-5 right
there it's you zoom in right there point
five millimeter casings so this is Moby
the thinnest case out there next to like
switch easy nudes or feathers like the
nude is a millimeter thin this is 0.5
millimeters so this is the case itself
it's clear case I got the clear version
of it so they have it it is really thin
is actually kind of flexible right there
is so if it's gonna focus in on that
we got openings cut out and divided
between for the volume buttons as well
as the vibrate key it's completely open
on the top completely open on the bottom
it's clear and down on the outside it
does not have really that much of a lip
at all on it I did notice a few things
on it which was the top as well as the
bottom or a little bit sharp not as
smooth as smooth as these edges here as
well as the camera cutout is kind of
kind of a word I'm looking for is also
kind of sharp I don't believe they kind
of polished it down I wish they would
have done it for both of these edges but
let me put it be it on the phone so you
guys can see how how it looks on the
phone really easy to install see so
there it is no creaking no creaking not
like the reception case but no creaking
at all this is what it looks like on the
phone itself perfectly aligned on the
bottom on the side on the top I did
notice a little bit of misalignment on
the camera so if you can see it's a
little bit towards the the bottom of the
lens instead of the top there is also
this rainbow effect off you guys can see
it like right about there you should be
able to see it hopefully on the video
it's got a little bit of a rainbow
effect
much to my disappointment it does have
that rainbow effect you can probably fix
that by putting doing the whole talcum
powder trick we're very similar to if
you had a otterbox defender or
ballistics HC case just puff a little
bit of talcum powder and it should get
rid of that and you won't have that
issue at all so it does not have a lay
on the table design as you can see the
edge is pretty much exposed around
another disappointment of the case
honestly was that it scratches pretty
easily
I was actually disappointed because I
brought it right out of the case I said
it on my table picked it up and there
was already a scratch on the back and
after about a day or two a use I already
got all these ridiculous scratches
everywhere it doesn't really attract
fingerprints as much it's just that the
whole scratch factor is kind of bad also
along the edges see how it scratches in
there it does have the caves logo but
yeah so it's kind of disappointing that
it scratches so easily I wish they would
have made it similar to a material that
kind of would be more resistant to
scratches but there you have it guys for
the price I paid for this it's not so
bad of a case I mean if you're looking
for something super thin super light I
mean you can't get much lighter than
this and you want it like have your
phone kind of be shown off and you don't
want like a bulky case on it even the
thin case this is the ultra thin case so
you can't can't go wrong there but yeah
again you'll lose the land the table
design you will lose the grip enos of it
it's not as grippy as like an Incipio
feather so it's a little bit
disappointing but other than that that
in the scratch non scratch resistance of
this case was kind of a letdown but you
guys can check them out I'll put the
link in the underbar and you guys can
take a look for yourselves but there you
have it guys that is my review of this
case oh one more thing I forgot to
mention these are some of the
accessories they do give you a
microfiber as well as they to screen
shields inside so it's too bad you do
see
speech fields aren't bad they're very
similar in quality to what you would
find in a switch easy or the any of the
other cases that come with it they're
not as good as like an sgp but again
it's pretty good for including two of
them in there this was a little bit more
disappointing it really is just a cheap
what they call is a wallet stand and you
can I guess put it as a credit card
right in your wallet but it serves to
kind of prop your phone up if you needed
to more gimmicky than anything because
this thing's pretty flimsy so I didn't
really put much use to this at all but
there you have it guys that's my reviews
of the kaze zero 5 case the ultra-thin
point five millimeter case check them
out and see for yourself but that's my
review and I'll catch you guys real soon
again please subscribe please thumbs up
and you know comments and I'll catch you
guys real soon please